on this one it's almost the end
of the week we still haven't
even had a bite
I really wanted to show that
Dave economy to earn while he's
gone really cool to get one
today
give me a good shot I think get
a job boy at that
how's it going and not much but
not lines down the water fishing
hard doing everything we gotta
do but all right all this
goodness yes we're gonna go to
you go
well maybe I got talking about
is the big faces for a man
rapping rapping guys going on
oh god oh god sorry buddy
ok ok so on that is right here
right now
get that
yeah alright yeah yeah just just
wrapping somebody
he almost doesn't fit on lygon
then biggest one I've ever seen
on the deck of the boat back on
top boy back on top
it's an awesome feeling watching
Sandra come in with a big fish
having Georgie on the boat it's
just amazing what those two did
here in for the season our what
oh yeah he proved himself he's
officially a part of the
tuna.com true
nice work boys why it at all
cleaned up guys let's get away
741 pounder guys dress for the
dresser
haha get that you think
well it's a big fish boys big
fish
twelve bucks a pound to that all
right good at the volume that
got to meet ya get me that's a
nice fish guys
good job good job guys keep it
rolling guys keep her own choice
on boy we got one days back now
and you know what Kelly has ever
now that's impressive
you guys should be proud